Huang, open the door
It's the location with the surname Ye
I told you so.
He must come and eat
What are you doing here? Do you regret it first?
I'm not here to regret being late
Not regret
I want to ask about the bride price in our family.
When will the dowry be returned?
What else do you want?
That is.
I know you hurt me
I didn't hit you, it's fine
You have the nerve to come and ask for a dowry?
Get lost
Ye Fan, I really didn't expect you to be such a person
I'm shaking, are you really blind?
I don't know if you are blind or not.
Anyway, I was blinded by lard and blinded
I actually want to marry you
Stop talking nonsense
Or return the child to me
Or I'll go and swear
Let someone replace me
It's time to make things bigger
Do you really want to not say it?
I don't care.
It's for the right thing to do.
Your wife will compensate
Okay.
Hey, the fan behind your house
It belongs to your family
girl
I recently want to plant some fruit trees to start a business or something
Bride Princess
I will take a large part of Huangshankui as compensation.